Gwenevere Abriel: Elisa know Adele
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Let's, um, let's check on those Benson unstable internet on my side. How's my video right now. Good, yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's my kids.
Alicia Noedel: Earlier you froze. But now you're free.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah, because the all of my kids internet online school stuff just crashed and I saw a couple times, it said you have unstable internet. So if something happens just kind of log back in and we can communicate through tags. If it gets really bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could I could drink. Maybe take myself off video or you could take yourself off video. Okay, so we'll, we'll play with it a little bit. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that you had. You certainly didn't ask for it, but I started making some calls about formula, did you end up resolving the issue.
Alicia Noedel: I get my my wick tomorrow, I think. And then I have a wicked appointment, the day after. Um, but they said that they have some at Walmart. So it's just going to go there with my wick. Okay. Excellent. And do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you feeling hopeful about that or is this a really big scary thing. Even this morning right now.
Alicia Noedel: No, I'm not worried about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good, good, good, good. Yeah. So, but it was a good opportunity for me and I wrote down some numbers. I think I'll share them in group today.
Gwenevere Abriel: The Road Runner Food Bank, the storehouse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just places that kind of offer some support for folks.
Alicia Noedel: Could you send me that that list.
Alicia Noedel: Oh yes, I get a text after we have our meeting or something or later on today. Whenever you have the chance
Gwenevere Abriel: I know shirt right now. Happy to. I just all let me see if I can see I just started might be open for just typing it up this morning for folks going to go over that and
See where is it
I have it open up now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see where I'll have to open up recent file open recent New Mexico resources. Okay, I just started typing this up. Um, we gone I can share, share screen share
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's see. I didn't write the beret Foundation, which is interesting because there was a woman there she ended up giving me her cell phone number two. She was so sweet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk with her at length on Friday, and it's not typed in here. I'm going to write it. Um, it's actually a women's shelter.
Gwenevere Abriel: They accept newborns and their mothers. It's about 90 minutes from Espanola we leave a message every day. Okay, so, but it's not in here. Hold on. And I'm actually going to type it right here know if I'm spelling it right. I'll have to look up the correct way to spell it.
Alicia Noedel: I didn't know that Esperanza shelter helped people. I used to live the Esperanza shelter for, like, a few months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh you you live there yourself.
Alicia Noedel: At the Esperanza. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you think of it.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, they're really great place are awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so glad
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to put a little smiley face.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know, because I'm not used to being like, I'm going to be sort of referring this for people
Alicia Noedel: And it's a battered women's shelter. Exactly.
Alicia Noedel: Um, they have alarms on the doors so like if someone like if someone's abuser were to break in, they would have notification like right away and they have like a fence. They don't let anybody in unless you know, or they are there and you're staying there. It's a really cool place.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I noticed up here. Now, I saw some other numbers for store house. But sometimes when I would call it and get all the way through all these me see, where is it store.
Alicia Noedel: Versus Hayden morning and all the way all throughout New Mexico where they
Gwenevere Abriel: Just this one's in Albuquerque this number right here. This first one in blue is Albuquerque.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seven five and six crews us. And then it says boosted food assistance, just by itself. And I was like, Well, I don't know, but it was under on the website for food runner bank. So I think it might be associated
Alicia Noedel: With it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just put it under here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the storehouse are a couple numbers. I didn't get to type it. I'm going to take right underneath it so I can add that
Gwenevere Abriel: 505 and some of these might be bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight. I did 842 already 6491 and then I see 884 dash
Alicia Noedel: Go these, you have a couple options, you know. Yeah.
There's something I gotta check out with the mail mail service was, I don't know what that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me hit
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop share
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me open up a note for us.
Alicia Noedel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you doing on an emotional level.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Too bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how about your sweetheart when he's laid off right now job. The car's not working.
Alicia Noedel: He's okay. We had to take on a stock car to the pediatrician, the other day, all the way in Santa Fe, because she has oral thrush.
Alicia Noedel: It's like a yeast infection in there now. Okay. And it's all the way around her lips her tongue or her palate everywhere.
Alicia Noedel: And she had to get antibiotics for it and the antibiotics, they're causing her poop to be like acidic. So it's like giving her this like really crazy burn diaper rash and we're just dealing with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you get up there.
Alicia Noedel: I'm my mom do some right
Gwenevere Abriel: And your relationship with your mom. What's that like
Alicia Noedel: Currently we're I would say we're at a really good place I'd say really the best in my whole life.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to stop my video and see if that helps. Okay, let me see if it
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, which would be better. You would it be better than at least you're looking at me. Why don't you turn yours off because then I'm the one kind of this way, at least you feel like I'm president. Once you turn your video off. And I'll just let's see if it improves audio at all.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, can you hear me better now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, listen, we'll get we'll keep talking and see if it does, we're going to do.
Alicia Noedel: A
Little experiment.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the best than it ever has been.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like hearing that
Alicia Noedel: Well, you know, she was on drugs for many, many years. She was a crack user and then heroin, you know, pills, she you know did it all and she was a monster. And she was on drugs. And so, you know, she's not
Alicia Noedel: On anything now.
Alicia Noedel: And she's a completely different person. So
Gwenevere Abriel: So I was thinking today if you wanted to, we could
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, take what you just said and sort of go with that kind of go with maybe starting to develop this thermometer this subjective unit of distress thermometer so that I can kind of get a sense of things. And if we have time, we could do some am Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I see a note to myself and I put it at 16 but I also see need to confirm there's there's no number associated with it. So there's something in here that says dad wasn't constantly abusive, most of the time he was the savior or my mom would go when my mom would go on her filing rages
Alicia Noedel: She read get to like these points because she's bipolar manic depressive and she wasn't diagnosed for it at the time.
Alicia Noedel: And so she could go from, you know, being, you know, fine to just snapping for the smallest things
Alicia Noedel: My, my dad. Usually you know if he was there weren't a lot
Alicia Noedel: But if he was there he could like MIDI the situation or, you know, just tell her leave her alone. Like, she's just a little girl like leave her alone.
Alicia Noedel: But there were a few times where my dad got
Alicia Noedel: I you know I respect to my dad and I was scared of my dad, but I wasn't scared of my dad. The way I was my mom.
Alicia Noedel: It was more respect for him.
Alicia Noedel: But he did
Alicia Noedel: There was one time he, my brother was complaining that I had stolen something from him that I didn't, he went missing. I don't know what happened to it and
Alicia Noedel: He had been complaining about it for like two, three days. And my dad finally got upset and he went into my room and brought my brother in the room with him and he kicked me in my stomach like four or five times. Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dad kicked you are you
Alicia Noedel: Yes, my dad and
Gwenevere Abriel: And is it because he thinks you took something
Alicia Noedel: It's because he was telling my brother. Is this what you want. Is this what you wanted. This is what you wanted me to do. And like I don't
Alicia Noedel: Know my dad was really, you know, I don't know his thought process was really weird.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, I'm trying to picture it so your brother take something dad goes to address it. And instead of hitting your brother or punishing or disciplining they punish you.
Alicia Noedel: Know my brother said that I had
Alicia Noedel: I had stolen something from my brother that I had stolen, one of his something. I don't remember. I think it was like you yo cards or something stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Alicia Noedel: And he had been complaining that I took my took them for days like two, three days.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're noticing maybe that
Gwenevere Abriel: Following your explanation of I wasn't as afraid I'm not afraid of my dad I respected him not like you were afraid of your mother and the very next story is he gave an example of him kicking you in the stomach.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, that was that was like the only
Alicia Noedel: Time he had ever gotten like really physically violent, which means like I don't ever
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was a typical that one was the really physically violent. What's a typical one
Alicia Noedel: I mean it.
Alicia Noedel: There were probably one or one or two times where
Alicia Noedel: He slapped me in the face.
Alicia Noedel: Not like a hard like intense but but I was scared of my dad in a way that I knew what he could do. I didn't know he could, he would, you know, I didn't think he would do anything to me but I saw the extent he almost killed my my auntie in front of us. When I was a kid.
Alicia Noedel: And my mom was killed my mom and my auntie and the same night.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like I saw
Gwenevere Abriel: How scary. He can be
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not push. I won't push it. I'll
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're what you're calling respect initially under further processing maybe closer to fear.
Alicia Noedel: I mean, you know, my dad. He got up every morning at five o'clock and walked you know 40 miles to work if the bus wasn't running in the middle of winter. He worked really hard for us.
Alicia Noedel: He took really good care of us as much as he could. I respected my data block, but you know my dad was abused his whole life as a child way farther worse than I could ever imagine my childhood being
Alicia Noedel: So, you know, they told him in when he lived in a psychiatric ward that he wasn't physically or mentally capable of taking care of children and that he shouldn't have kids, you know, so
Alicia Noedel: I thought things could have been a lot worse, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So can I see you for a minute, maybe bring your video back on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I hear what you're saying is you
Gwenevere Abriel: Temper
Gwenevere Abriel: What you deserved with what his history was
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's very kind of you to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could have been worse. And that's, that's, in some ways is a as an adaptive skill that many people lack and it's a handy one to have
Gwenevere Abriel: In here, however, you don't have to do that piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: I already know how much you've compromised your needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: This, you don't have to do it again. Not in here you see the difference. I will never, I will never think you're a selfish little girl. How dare you want more when your dad's walking miles at five in the morning I'll never think it it'll never even like what no in here. You get to say
Gwenevere Abriel: parts about
Gwenevere Abriel: I was cold. I was hungry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was terrified.
Gwenevere Abriel: In here, you don't have to protect the psychology
Alicia Noedel: Of your parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not in not in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I already know that you have that mindset I won't be going in. You'll never going to grow election without will Lisa. Well, at least you didn't have it as bad as your parents did not going to get that in here.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I already know you have that
Gwenevere Abriel: down pat, what it has done in some ways is very adaptive it's kept you alive is kept you not not being so angry and resentful towards your family that you couldn't at least get a little bit of resources that they had. And I think that was probably very wise as a little one, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not in that
Alicia Noedel: Situation right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're more capable than you were when you were little, you just are
Alicia Noedel: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're not in the room.
Alicia Noedel: No in here.
Alicia Noedel: In here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be scared to be angry to be confused to be resentful said all of it without having to doubt those initial responses. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to take care of me the way you had to take care of your family.
Alicia Noedel: I just don't know how to break that pattern.
Alicia Noedel: Taking care.
Alicia Noedel: Get so tiring.
Gwenevere Abriel: My job is to know how
Gwenevere Abriel: My jobs to know how that's why you're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I have ever been of confidence on that how I've been witness to
Gwenevere Abriel: Too many people's
Gwenevere Abriel: Journey and you're not doing it alone. You're doing it with with me. You're doing it with your sweetheart. You're doing it with your baby doing it with yourself. Each time that you hold on to your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't compromise it
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's growth in the direction and take pride in it each time you decide not to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do a compulsive behavior and you sit with sadness or you sit with fear. You sit with your own anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it comes
Alicia Noedel: You know, you're saying right now that I think about it like that whole. It sounds like I'm like I am. I'm sorry. I was sticking up for him, you know, because I don't want someone to think bad about my mom or my dad, you know, but honestly
Alicia Noedel: The house was a hell yes it was so bad.
Alicia Noedel: I was like eight years old, like wanting to die like I didn't
Alicia Noedel: I wanted to do it anymore.
Alicia Noedel: I didn't want to do it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: You survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Responding to this topic right now just kind of scan.
Alicia Noedel: Kind of like quivering okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And from zero to 100 where we add as far as distress level.
Um,
Alicia Noedel: You feel like 50 I just get triggered when I think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I noticed your tearful. What will you actually thinking. Can you let me in some of those thoughts that pass through on
Alicia Noedel: It just, it feels like I relive things like I can feel it like being in bed like at three in the morning and hearing me know like never knowing when I'm going to be waking up at three in the morning, my parents fist fighting in the kitchen or like
Alicia Noedel: One of my dad's friends, you know, tried to stab him in cut his shirt open. He came into my room and was freaking out, or like
Alicia Noedel: No, no, knowing that I wasn't going to eat into like six o'clock at night because it was nothing in the house and my dad was at work and
Alicia Noedel: I'm not being able to open the door, no, like, you know, I wasn't allowed to open the door.
Alicia Noedel: If someone asked. I was supposed to hide and pretend like known as home.
Alicia Noedel: It was really like weird. It was just very, you know, don't talk about our life, you know, everything's fine at home. Don't tell anybody. What's going on, you're fine.
Alicia Noedel: And so like I couldn't tell anybody what was happening. You know, I was. I didn't have any friends at school. So, you know, I didn't have anybody to vent to. And so I was just dealing with everything just in my own head all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not so much.
Alicia Noedel: No, never apologized. He said something mean to me grab me by my hair.
Alicia Noedel: I don't know any, anything that happened. No one ever said sorry for it. We never acknowledged that it was something wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said that some relationship with your mother is better than it ever has been.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess I wonder just what do you like about the relationship
Alicia Noedel: My mom were
Alicia Noedel: When I was like three or four, that's when my mom started doing drugs. And so she did drugs, all the way to
Alicia Noedel: You know 1314 and that's when I stopped talking to her, and then we got back into each other's lives. But we weren't very close my dad when he died when I was 17 she was really, really there for me and
Alicia Noedel: I decided, you know that I want to not have a relationship with my mom and feel like I'm losing both parents. Okay. And so
Alicia Noedel: Me, you know, meet my mom. She is very supportive of everything that I do. She's been very apologetic for everything in her have held each other and grind for hours about everything you know all the turmoil and everything.
Alicia Noedel: We have very similar, since if you were. I know that I can talk to her about anything. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, and an apology.
Alicia Noedel: Of sorta okay
Gwenevere Abriel: It just wasn't a bad
Alicia Noedel: Multiple times. Okay. All right.
Alicia Noedel: At least 30 times
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: How is she staying clean
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: I don't know.
Alicia Noedel: She's just I think that no, she's gotten older, and she's ruin her body so much that she can handle it like
Alicia Noedel: When I was when I was like nine I think she tried to rob some drug dealers, she was. She don't she sold crack for a little while and the person who would get her her supply
Alicia Noedel: When she started doing her her you know some stuff that she was supposed to sell instead of selling it.
Alicia Noedel: She called him and she told him that she needed more to sell. But she didn't and she was going to do it all. And so she went to go steal it from him and they ran her over hitter at the car.
Alicia Noedel: ran over once and then back up and running over again. And they got the car and they tried to Reaper like five five guys and
Alicia Noedel: Apparently my dad heard her screaming in front of the house and he rescued her. But, uh, now she has lupus and fibromyalgia rheumatoid arthritis, you know, a bunch of problems with her body that she can, you know, handle
Alicia Noedel: Any kind of drugs, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're saying she's not transferred an addiction to an opiate addiction.
Alicia Noedel: She did have opiate addiction for a while, but she was on her own savvy tech program with her doctors
Alicia Noedel: For a while too because she didn't want to do it anymore.
Alicia Noedel: But our addictions were separate
Alicia Noedel: We never did anything together like that or anything she she didn't have any idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't think she's using Suboxone or anything at this time.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: If she were to use again.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be a sign that you might notice that she wants.
Alicia Noedel: Depends what it is.
Alicia Noedel: She actually different on everything.
Alicia Noedel: Distance anger. Anger starts to get like mood swings and stuff. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be like for you, you're protecting your recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see that someone like your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might not be making decisions.
Alicia Noedel: I'd be sitting with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: But remember that it right if we if we buy into this idea that active addiction, the authentic self that voice has been quiet and it's not speaking up has been overcome sort of by that other voice so
In a sense,
Gwenevere Abriel: Timing is to pull away from the attic. We don't want to surround ourselves with people that are using because your mother, the authentic mother isn't around right now. It sounds like she is
Gwenevere Abriel: When she's if she starts isolating angry outbursts erratic inconsistent behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget to pay
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention to what you're seeing
Alicia Noedel: Oh, definitely. Yeah. And I have to be very, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Like, you know, very, I don't know how to how to say it like
Alicia Noedel: Into it, I guess because she does have bipolar manic depressive disorder and also sometimes she does, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Have her days where she you know goes up and down, but it's different. It's way different.
Alicia Noedel: It's never violent and that's how I would know.
Alicia Noedel: If she were to, you know, be screaming at everybody and cutting everybody out and that's how I would, you know, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've got a goal here, it's time for us to kind of review them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I never one of your goals here never get back to where I was using heroin. That's one of your goals.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, that was the first one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha. So we're going to do a little check in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sort of describe in your own words, how you're assessing progress on your goal of I never want to get back to where I was using heroin. How are you doing, and your own assessment.
Alicia Noedel: I think at the moment I'm doing really good
Alicia Noedel: You know anastasi has a big motivation for me.
Alicia Noedel: You know, I also don't
Alicia Noedel: I don't want my dad to to see in. I know. Like he died of a heroin overdose.
Alicia Noedel: I don't, I don't want to
Alicia Noedel: You know,
Alicia Noedel: I don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: See if he can finish that thought. It's almost done. I don't want my dad to see what
Alicia Noedel: I don't want him to
Alicia Noedel: It's hard to explain the way I feel about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Okay. So, but there's but here's what you said. So see if you can see it out here. You said I don't want my dad to see, and then you didn't finish the sentence. And then you said
Alicia Noedel: I was trying to rephrase it you know
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, it's okay. But, but just look at it out here and then you'll, you'll see possibly that connection, I don't want my dad to see that that that that that he died of a heroin overdose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those two things. How do they go together.
Alicia Noedel: I don't, I don't want to
Alicia Noedel: Be that
Alicia Noedel: I don't want my daughter to be without me. I don't want to go down that same
Alicia Noedel: I don't want my dad to
Alicia Noedel: I don't want my family to be labeled, you know, worthless drug addicts. You know, like, okay, my dad was so much more
Alicia Noedel: Oh, than a drug addict and, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And ELISA, I am so much more than a try.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that it, are we getting close. Yeah, yeah, I'm more than just this chemical dependence.
Alicia Noedel: Because honestly, when you do get dependent on substance. People just you.
Alicia Noedel: Know, they're just a heroin addict or just a crack at like you
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how
Gwenevere Abriel: There's. Notice how I phrase things the way I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Engine that vessel that you're in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has been driven by at least two
Alicia Noedel: Ways.
One.
Gwenevere Abriel: Telling you
Gwenevere Abriel: You can handle it. Go escape. One is telling you
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take the easy way you'll feel good now.
Alicia Noedel: Just feel good now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get out of it feel good. Now that's the attic this vessel that body. I'm looking at right now has also been aware that that drugs and alcohol mood altering substances are unhealthy for the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that physical abuse that emotional abuse is unhealthy for the body, the mind, the soul.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not that body is not just one thing you're lots of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it changes from day to day minutes a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: The part that I stay vigilant on is who is driving the decision today.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's the attic.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will we notice. Well, at least to start missing appointments and making excuses will alicea get herself into an emergency department, an accident so clumsy or doctor shop or get herself sick or maybe stop sharing honest things
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your signs we touched for a second on your mom's right and aggression and we can see it in her. What about you. What is the sign that I can put in our relapse prevention plan that I'm always it's always growing always writing little notes in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I start to see it. If someone in the group sources say oh okay you're acting kind of different. What is your husband going to see, what are we going to see what are you going to notice in yourself when you are starting down that road of almost really an emotional relapse.
Alicia Noedel: Kind of checking out, I guess, you know, because to me feeling my feelings is a good thing. You know, I feel my feelings.
Alicia Noedel: And I kind of check out and I just, I don't care. I don't care about
Alicia Noedel: You know I wouldn't be sharing talking about it, you know, if I was high right now, I would be like, oh, everything's fine or, you know, I don't have any worries in the world. Everything's awesome
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go, we got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Powerful
Alicia Noedel: But, you know, if one day I go today's good that's that's
Alicia Noedel: Just me having a good day, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything's awesome. But if I hear that I might take a pause.
Alicia Noedel: I mean,
Alicia Noedel: Say we go into group one day or, you know, into our meeting and nothing bugging me today. I feel okay but you know I don't want to share anything on a one on one meeting, everything's firing.
Alicia Noedel: Have haven't had anything on my mind at all.
Alicia Noedel: That's just not me.
Alicia Noedel: You know, I'm a world full person I constantly thinking about everything except for one
Alicia Noedel: May think that's what makes it so appealing, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wrote down what you said, but in this scenario, you just came up with. It's already. You've already relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: That kind of stuff. I'm I love what you said, it's very useful because I might be able to catch something in drawing out and kind of start having a conversation with the addict, because you the authentic self didn't show up to group that day the bullshit or showed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay, that's good. It's good for me to know that I've got some great language to keep my ears out for. But I'm talking about laughs Come slow. It can take years it sneaks up slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk a little bit about you may have information around not sharing
Gwenevere Abriel: Please see, if we see in group where you've decided
Gwenevere Abriel: To stop sharing you're withdrawing you're starting to pull back.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you heard me say, or someone in the group say that's kind of interesting, and they see a normal you you really share personal information, I noticed I'm kind of a superficial response.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then do you think that we would predictively. See defensiveness or a little irritability, like a back off.
Alicia Noedel: Stumble probably
Gwenevere Abriel: How many what stumbled means, tell me.
Alicia Noedel: Like, try to
Alicia Noedel: Make up something on the spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you'd lie.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, probably.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, if you know the addict didn't me is a liar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody's is
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I think it's just like I'm a people pleaser too and I really, I always have been.
Alicia Noedel: So, you know, it's one of those things where, you know, if I if I really
Alicia Noedel: Am thinking about using
Alicia Noedel: I and I know that you know someone doesn't want me to, you know, I would try and hide it from them.
Alicia Noedel: I feel like I don't want you do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder how people pleaser might show up in this setting, and in in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder how it would show up.
Alicia Noedel: For me, and the way that it's been showing up is, you know, you guys want me to share. And I know he want me to share. I know that you guys want me to be involved.
Alicia Noedel: And that's, you know what I'm doing, what I've been doing because I know that that's what I'm here for. And that's what's going to help me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that you're sharing might change like they won't be personal stories anymore. They'll be philosophies.
Alicia Noedel: Instead, or no, okay, I've never thought about it before.
Alicia Noedel: I wonder ever had anybody questioning
Gwenevere Abriel: Well I i'm I'm a pretty good little detective. So I noticed I noticed because your style is almost consistently a personal it's exactly what
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking for that helps the group and that helps you. So you're you're doing exactly what's being invited. I guess what I wonder is
Gwenevere Abriel: If all of a sudden you say things like, and you you've heard people do this. Well, you know, you know, you're supposed to do supposed to like just kind of put God first we supposed to like call your friends and kind of stay distracted. So those are philosophies. Those are just
Alicia Noedel: You didn't you should have what I do.
Alicia Noedel: What I instead of just like you should
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So, and you do more than that, you
Gwenevere Abriel: You go just eloquently into I'm scared I'm sad. I don't write this formula. And this is what it means to me and you just very linear thinking you explain it. And I imagine that if that disappears. I think I'm going to notice.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I will tell you that if the addict is the one that's communicating typically they get really pissed off at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they don't like it and call it out.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what I'm trying to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: YEAH, I LIKE, WELL, WELL, GET BACK OFF lady. I'm telling the truth. Now the thing about me is all only push maybe once one and a half. I will confront confront like oh that's not really you you're not, you're not going to hear something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what will probably happen is all kind of remember it. And then when we meet again maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: I might start to hear how the only thing you care about is your husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I just need to make him happy. I just need to make him happy. And you mean like it doesn't matter what what's going on. For me, the most important thing is is that he's happy. I might do you think I might start hearing, hearing, things like that.
Alicia Noedel: No, no.
Alicia Noedel: I've never
Alicia Noedel: Felt like I would feel really shitty about myself and I relapsed honestly
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, okay, yeah. So what we'll all put a pin in this relapse prevention concept. It's my point is to say, it typically doesn't happen overnight or in an instant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we've started to open the door to someone texting. We drove down the street. We know we shouldn't have.
Gwenevere Abriel: We gave ourselves permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: To isolate more than we usually do. It's a setup.
Alicia Noedel: It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: We weren't sharing as much as we we used to really lean in on his best friend and now now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I used to talk to my fiance. But you know what, I don't want to be a burden.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the setup. That's how slick. This is days, weeks, months to set up and I call it a reservation and everyone's like WeChat my reservation.
Gwenevere Abriel: So reservation for a relapse or setting it up and that is what I'm talking about. It's we pay attention to the really subtle ways that we make it possible for that life again. And what I hope is that we don't do that we
Gwenevere Abriel: Create create this life that it just doesn't make any sense to us. It's like, well,
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I have all this accountability. Now I'm so proud of what I've done. Look how how many coping skills. I have now, I've been telling so many people but like you have this whole new sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Lifestyle where it just doesn't add up. But when we don't make those changes. And we're still surrounding ourselves with people that are like it's normal that you use is normal. Then I'm going to call you out on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're used to you people pleasing. They're not going to expect you to be honest, open Frank direct to sort of. That's it. It's like, how is she said in her life up so that it no longer makes sense to listen to the voice of addiction.
Alicia Noedel: I'm pretty confident radio
Excellent.
Alicia Noedel: And yes, you're not. I mean, and for the future. I am
Alicia Noedel: Confident that I am not gonna
Alicia Noedel: Do anything that's going to jeopardize
Alicia Noedel: You know, so the good life that I have, I have a good life right now. It's the best it's ever been.
Alicia Noedel: I haven't been scared upset hurt.
Alicia Noedel: You know, and so long.
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Gonna get better.
Alicia Noedel: So many problems that I have is with myself like I, you know, with my internal thoughts, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You just did some very hard work today. We talked about difficult topics as I continue to work on some targets that I want to do the EMT are with okay
Gwenevere Abriel: It's important. You're doing important stuff. So I noticed. Um, I put age eight I was in hell. I put it on a
Are you sure it's a 50
Alicia Noedel: At the time,
Alicia Noedel: Or at when I think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, why don't you tell me how bad it was when you were eight
Alicia Noedel: Eight or nine. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: It was that was like the peak.
Alicia Noedel: You want me to put it on 190 9090 95 back
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Alicia Noedel: I mean, it could have been worse, but only bad
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about this one. Because remember, I started this off with trying to get dad was constantly abusive, most of the time was a savior. My mom would go under by the ranges and then we added to it and then right it was this sort of continued discussion, but that part about dad was
Gwenevere Abriel: dad wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Constantly juices. Sorry, I misspoke. What I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we do with a number that goes with
Gwenevere Abriel: dad wasn't constantly abusive.
Alicia Noedel: I wouldn't even say 10% no he me like three times my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about this one. I was scared of dad, but he almost killed my auntie and my mom, the same night.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, what do we do with that one that's looking at scary. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: So terrifying. Yeah, terrifying.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me move this other piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down to attend the part about and I'm assuming the 10. The reason it's down there is you're picturing him in times when he's rescued you from your mother. You can picture him in his hard work ethic, getting up early to me to be a provider for the family is that
Alicia Noedel: Right. He was very loving with me. Me and him were best friends.
Alicia Noedel: You know I know he didn't want to hurt me.
Alicia Noedel: You never wanted her
Alicia Noedel: But I knew that he, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Maybe he came home at a bad day. Whatever he felt that day.
Alicia Noedel: But
Alicia Noedel: You know, I wasn't terrified of him. The way I wasn't terrified of my mom either. It's just, you know, I knew what to expect for my dad. Okay. All right. And my mom was
Gwenevere Abriel: Say what your mom was again I broke up.
Alicia Noedel: I'm sorry. Someone was calling me unpredictable. I didn't know what was gonna happen from day to day
Gwenevere Abriel: What are we put with mom and her her violent rages and not knowing day to day I've got dad down here at likes a 10 but now when you shift gears. I want to kind of put this these mom pieces. Mommy is cracked bipolar manic depressive snap to the smallest things
Alicia Noedel: But it was idol. She, she's you know really messed up like an agent, I'd say like it's 75 or 80 just because of the unpredictability of, you know, you know, not knowing
Alicia Noedel: If I was going to get home from school and she's going to be happy. Not, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, I'm flipping my head because of my ears right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. I said, some people are just got to reassure that it's not
Nice.
Weird
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm sure she would be happy or mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: The brother stolen thing when he had physically
Gwenevere Abriel: kicked you in the stomach and said, Is this what you wanted me to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we do it down.
Alicia Noedel: Like a 90
Gwenevere Abriel: What age were you with that incident.
Alicia Noedel: Like 893 years of like eight, nine and 10 were a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. So it's that range eight 910
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think we've got a pretty good idea. I think next time. What I'd like to do with you is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be a very closed.
Gwenevere Abriel: End and Dr. Which means you notice how one topic. There's all these neural connections in your in your brain where those memories are stored they're connected to a lot, a lot, a lot of memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're connected to an emotional right to that amygdala that emotional experience and you're reliving it notice you said that today.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, now
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not set in the past. So I want to do some work. If you're up to it next time we meet, when we pick one. And the difference is, we're going to just stick with one of those stories.
Alicia Noedel: Doesn't have to be the worst.
Gwenevere Abriel: One can be not as activating one wherever you decide you want to work with. But we're not going to go into these other ones. We're just going to stay right in this until we really hone in
Gwenevere Abriel: And that that memory itself just has this distance, it feels more in the past as if you're no longer having to relive it and it gets the right timestamp gets put in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. Yeah. All right. Um,
Let's schedule another appointment. Shall we
Alicia Noedel: Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I've been sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Protecting that 8am spot for you. So, so some pretty
Early
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have
Gwenevere Abriel: I have
April.
Gwenevere Abriel: April 6am APRIL six.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the emotion. We could put
Gwenevere Abriel: Right off the side of the house gorge.
Alicia Noedel: I'm feeling okay right now. But if I had to
Alicia Noedel: I'd say
Alicia Noedel: Fear probably
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we just because you're feeling okay now, so maybe it won't be a problem for you to take terror terrified.
Gwenevere Abriel: And drop that one off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just picture the splash.
Gwenevere Abriel: Takes a while for it to land and it goes into the rapids.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then notice the difference and quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not there.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to your body. Notice, notice muscles. They get to relax and feel fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no actual danger right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What for any of those memories did was bring in perceived
Gwenevere Abriel: Threat
Gwenevere Abriel: But you look around.
Gwenevere Abriel: You say there's no danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will see you in group, my dear.
Alicia Noedel: All right, thank you again. Have a great day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you do need send a message to your doctor his medication bridge to today.
Alicia Noedel: I know I'm pretty sure I have it until Thursday.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, then. I'll see you then.
Alicia Noedel: Have a great week when they say
Bye.